1. Fabrication

Double sided, 2-layer PCB. 

L-shaped as shown in outline layer.

Board total thickness of 1mm,  ENIG finish.

No impedance control.

1oz copper, FR4 or FR1 material.

Green solder mask. Other color may be substituted. 

Optional White Legend specified in silk layers. Other color may be substituted, or silk layers omitted. 

Minimal clearance size: 7 mils. Minimal trace width: 8 mils. 

All holes plated though.

The included top paste layer matches the pad sizes with no shrink or swell and should be adjusted depending on stencil type and process.

This board is intended to be broken into 2 sub-boards later. The gerber layer named "top-vgrove" contains a single linear 1mm wide v-grove 
intended to separate the two sub-boards with the resulting dimensions of 23mm x 16mm and 4.5mm x 14mm.


2. Assembly

Reflow soldering for SMD parts.

Board contains 4 sets of 2 pads each labeled BUT, MOT, BAT, and BUT2. These pads are connection points for jumper wires. 

Each of the two pads on BUT will be connected to each of the two pads on BUT2 with 30mm (tip-to-tip) segments of AWG 30 insulated jumper wire. 
Wires must be connected so that when the smaller board can be detached, rotated, and moved such that the wires are straight, parallel, and not crossing. 
See attached wire assembly drawing for details. 

The pads on MOT and BAT will be manually soldered later. 

3. Part orientation

Dot on silkscreen layer indicates pin 1 for parts Q1, D2, and M1.

Notch on silkscreen layer indicates side for pin 1 for part U1.

Parts F1, C4, R1, S1,and R3 may be oriented in any direction. 

LED L1 must be placed with (1) the diffusion bubble pointed towards the closes board edge, and (2) the green dot cathode mark on the left side when
viewed from the rear of the part. Refer to photos in the "/Orientation Photos" directory of the file package. 


4. Firmware programming

Part U1 requires both fuse and flash programming. 

The IC can be programmed directly by the distributor or onsite using a bulk programmer. 

The IC can also be programmed or re-programmed after assembly using an SOIC8 programming clip and USBASP programmer. More information upon request. 
